Technical Edit of Baldy Release (#1570)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/gov/chapters/chapter04.md

<a name="4.2.1"></a>
### 4.2.1 Length of Terms

> The length of term for all CNTT leadership roles is **12** calender months. It will start typically in February each year and end around the same time the year after. (Exact dates and timing might vary to accomodate CNTT releases and workshops).

Reviewer: the parentheses around "Exact dates ... and workshops)" are unnecessary

Reviewer 2: fixed

> The length of term for all CNTT leadership roles is **12** calender months. It will start typically in February each year and end around the same time the year after. (Exact dates and timing might vary to accomodate CNTT releases and workshops).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The length of term for all CNTT leadership roles is **12** calendar months. It will start typically in February each year and end around the same time the year after.  The exact dates and timing might vary to accommodate CNTT releases and workshops).
```

### 4.2.3 Nomination

- Any individual can nominate themselves or another participant for a given lead/co-lead position (the nominee must accept nomination if was nominate by someone else) as long as they agree to CNTT ToR.

> - An individual can nominate themselves or another participant to multiple positions.

Reviewer: would it better to say "one or more" instead of "multiple"

Reviewer 2: done

> - An individual can nominate themselves or another participant to multiple positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An individual can nominate themselves or another participant to one or more positions.
```

<a name="4.2.4"></a>
### 4.2.4 Selection

The process of nomination and selection is owned and managed by CNTT with help from LFN staff.

There will be a nomination window (typically around February each year) during which individuals can nominate others or nominate themselves for a position. The exact start and end date of the nomination window will be determined by Technical or Governance Committee Leads(depending on the nature of the Workstream).

During the nomination period, Participants can send their nominations to a designated individual who will help in administering the process (from CNTT Governance team or LFN Staff). The details and email addresses of that individual will be confirmed at the begining of the process.

Once the nomination period ends, the selection process for the new leads and co-leads for a given workstream is as follows:

> - The selection process for Leads positions and Co-Leads will occur separately.

Reviewer: Typo: "The selection process for Leads positions and Co-Leads will occur separately." --> "The selection process for Lead  and Co-Lead positions will occur separately."

Reviewer 2: done

> - The selection process for Leads positions and Co-Leads will occur separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The selection process for Lead positions and Co-Lead positions will be held separately.
```

- No voting is required if the number of nominations received for a particular position is less than or equal to the number of available vacancies. 
- An online voting process will take place to select candidate(s) from the nominee list for each position.
  - The exact tool used for voting will be determined by the LFN Staff and depends on the approved tool at time of voting.
- Only Voting representatives can vote (from the up to date voting representative list).

> - The candidate(s) who receives the highest number of votes win.

Reviewer: What happens if there is only one position and there is a tie in the number of votes each candidate received.
